Update data-collection-analyzer.md (#10091)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/data-collection-analyzer.md

>   - **-r** - Indicates that tool is being run from remote (or non-interactive context)
>   - **-i** - Scenario flag for collection of network trace along with other related logs
>   - **-m** \# - The number of minutes to run (5 minutes in the above example)
>   

> >  - When using MDEClientAnalyzer.cmd the script checks for privileges using "net session" which requires the service "Server" be running. If it is not,        you will get the error message: Script is running with insufficient privileges. Please run with administrator priviliges ECHO is off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  - When using MDEClientAnalyzer.cmd the script checks for privileges using "net session" which requires the service "Server" to be running. If it is not, you will get the error message _Script is running with insufficient privileges_. Run it with administrator privileges if ECHO is off.
```
